1 - Activist Post
https://www.activistpost.com/feed

2 - Al Jazeera English
https://www.aljazeera.com/xml/rss/all.xml

5 - Antiwar.com
http://original.antiwar.com/feed

8 - Breitbart News
http://feeds.feedburner.com/breitbart

11 - CBC Top Stories
http://rss.cbc.ca/lineup/topstories.xml

16 - Daily Bell
http://www.thedailybell.com/feed

17 - Democracy Now
https://www.democracynow.org/democracynow.rss

18 - Eurasia Future
http://www.eurasiafuture.com/feed

22 - Fox News
http://feeds.foxnews.com/foxnews/world

23 - Geoengineering Watch
http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/feed/

27 - Guardian
http://www.guardian.co.uk/rss/1

28 - HuffPost
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/section/front-page/feed

31 - Intercept
https://theintercept.com/feed/?lang=en

32 - Investigative Post
http://www.investigativepost.org/feed

33 - Janes 360
http://www.janes.com/rss

35 - JPost Breaking News
http://www.jpost.com/Rss/RssFeedsHeadlines.aspx

37 - Middle East Eye
http://www.middleeasteye.net/rss

38 - Middle East Monitor
https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/feed

39 - MintPress
http://www.mintpressnews.com/feed

42 - National Post
http://nationalpost.com/feed

43 - Natural News
https://www.naturalnews.com/feedlyrss.xml

44 - New Eastern Outlook
https://journal-neo.org/feed/

45 - New York Times
http://feeds.nytimes.com/nyt/rss/HomePage

47 - Paul Craig Robers
https://www.paulcraigroberts.org/feed

49 - Politico Defense
http://www.politico.com/rss/defense.xml

50 - Politico Economy
http://www.politico.com/rss/economy.xml

51 - Politoco Energy & Environment
http://www.politico.com/rss/energy.xml

56 - RT Daily News
https://www.rt.com/rss

59 - Sign of the Times
https://www.sott.net/xml_engine/signs_rss

60 - South China Morning Post
http://www.scmp.com/rss/91/feed

61 - Southfront News
https://southfront.org/feed

62 - Sputnik International
https://sputniknews.com/export/rss2/archive/index.xml

64 - Syria News
http://www.syrianews.cc/feed

65 - TASS
http://tass.com/rss/v2.xml

66 - The Corbett Report
https://www.corbettreport.com/feed

67 - The DURAN
http://theduran.com/feed

68 - The Last Refuge
https://theconservativetreehouse.com/feed

69 - The Truth Seeker
http://truthseeker.se/feed

72 - UNZ Review
http://www.unz.com/xfeed/rss/all

73 - UPI
https://rss.upi.com/news/news.rss

74 - Veterans Today
https://www.veteranstoday.com/feed/

75 - Waking Times
http://www.wakingtimes.com/feed

76 - We Are Change
http://feeds.feedburner.com/wrc

77 - Wired Top Stories
http://feeds.wired.com/wired/index

79 - Zero Hedge
http://feeds.feedburner.com/zerohedge/feed

80 - Yohhapt News
https://en.yna.co.kr/RSS/news.xml